Propagate middleware thrown non-redirect responses to the boundary (#14182)
remix-run/react-router: .changeset/heavy-months-work.md

---
"react-router": patch
---

> Propagte middleware thrown non-redirect Responses to the error boundary

Author: ```suggestion
Propagate non-redirect Responses thrown from middleware to the error boundary on document/data requests
```
